[Music]
where's the sample Volkov isn't a good
man disappoint your friend salt some
diamonds my diamonds fix high quality
it's not real the best I've ever seen I
know the friends that you have now
they're cheating you this is a problem I
assume one of many your responsibility
was to procure the sample a single
diamond
now before it's too late you're in some
sort of struggle I think if I can just
draw on your patience patience mr. Hill
he's like here in a silver or no matter
how much you start with eventually
you'll run out
come on in let's do business the
diamonds
hey bu you swear loyalty by it becoming
blood brothers so if we're not brothers
maybe we're not friends either
[Music]